Add Terraform Cloud integration docs (#30102)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/remote.html.md

# remote

> -> **Note:** With the release of Terraform v1.1.0, we recommend using the Terraform Cloud's built-in
> [`cloud` integration](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html) instead of this backend.
> The `cloud` option includes an improved user experience and more features.

Reviewer: Carrying over from the other PR - we don't want to have three notes in a row!
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I'd like to keep this here and make the next thing not a note. That way versioning recommendations stay in notes and are separated by some text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** The remote backend was introduced in Terraform v0.11.13 and Terraform Enterprise v201809-1. As of Terraform v1.1.0 and Terraform Enterprise v202201-1, **we recommend using the Terraform Cloud's built-in [`cloud` integration](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html)** instead of this backend. The `cloud` option includes an improved user experience and more features. 

```

> -> **Note:** This backend is unique among all other Terraform backends in that it has the ability to
> execute operations for Terraform Cloud's [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html), rather
> than only store state snapshots. (The documentation used to refer to this as "enhanced" backend
> behavior, but it's simpler to describe it as a quirk of the `remote` backend.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote backend is unique among all other Terraform backends because it can both store state snapshots and execute operations for Terraform Cloud's [CLI-driven run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html). It used to be called an "enhanced" backend.
	
With the release of Terraform v1.1.0, **we recommend using the [Terraform Cloud CLI integration](/docs/language/settings/terraform-cloud.html) instead of the remote backend.** The CLI integration includes an improved user experience and more features.
```

> -> **Note:** The remote backend requires Terraform v0.11.13 or newer, and requires either a
> Terraform Cloud account on [app.terraform.io](https://app.terraform.io) or a Terraform Enterprise
> instance (version v201809-1 or newer).

Reviewer: We're very inconsistent in how we do this, but the language I've seen most often is "later" rather than "newer."
```suggestion
-> **Note:** The remote backend requires Terraform v0.11.13 or later, and requires either a
Terraform Cloud account on [app.terraform.io](https://app.terraform.io) or a Terraform Enterprise
instance (version v201809-1 or later).
```
